Fixes bug with ama role assignments (#1593)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Whats-new.md

- Added ARM template to enable Microsoft Defender for Cloud as part of the deployment. Policies will still remediate additional subscriptions added to ALZ after deployment.
- Resolved an issue that prevented the policy remediation from working properly for VM Insights, Change Tracking, Azure Update Manager policies. The root cause was a too restrictive access configuration for the Managed Identity that performs the remediation tasks.
  - **New deployments will now:**
    - Add an additional role assignment for VMInsights Policies that are assigned at Landing Zone management group scope, granting the Managed Identity the Reader role on the Platform management group.
    - Add an additional role assignment for ChangeTracking Policies that are assigned at Landing Zone management group scope, granting the Managed Identity the Reader role on the Platform management group.
    - Add an additional role assignment to Azure Update Manger Policies, granting Managed Identity Operator at the same scope as the assignment.
  - **To update an existing deployment:**
    - For each of the VMInsights and ChangeTracking Initiative assignments:

>       - **Only required for the Initiatives assigned to Landingzones Management group scope**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Only required for the Initiatives assigned to Landing Zones Management group scope**
```

      - Go to the Initiative assignment, go to the Managed Identity tab and copy the Principal ID
      - Go to Management Groups, select the Platform Management group and go to Access control (IAM)
      - Add a new role assignment and assign the Reader role the Principal ID that was copied in the first step.
    - For each of the Azure Update Manger Initiative assignments:

>       - **Applies to the Initiatives assigned to both the Landingzones and the Platform Management group scopes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Applies to the Initiatives assigned to both the Landing Zones and the Platform Management group scopes**
```
